#summary The Project's CLA. Currently Under Construction

= IMPORTANT =

This document is not final, and is currently open for discussion.

----

= Unified Database Access for PHP (UDA4PHP) Contributor License Agreement =

In order to become a Committer—that is, to obtain the ability to contribute information (“Code”) to the UDA4PHP source code or data repository—you (“You”) must indicate your agreement to the terms below by completing and signing this agreement and returning it to Blue Paraobola LLC (“BP”) at 28 Bombay Ave., Toronto, ON M3H 1B7, Canada (the “Notification Address”), or by fax at +1-416-630-5057. 

== 1. Contact Information ==

Name: 

Email: 

Google Code Account: 

Phone Number: 

Postal Address: 

== 2. Treatment of Account ==

You will receive one or more sets of UDA4PHP project access credentials. You will not allow anyone else to use these credentials to access any Mozilla project system. Should You become aware of any such use, You will immediately notify BP in writing; until such notice is received You will be presumed to have taken all actions made using Your credentials. BP and their designates will have complete control and discretion over capabilities associated with Your credentials and may change them for any reason at any time. Your name and email address, or a derivative of it, may be visible worldwide via the Internet. 

== 3. License Terms ==

Code committed to the UDA4PHP repository must be governed by the New BSD License. Other licenses are not acceptable to BP until BP declares them to be acceptable in writing on the UDA4PHP website. You will verify that committed Code contains appropriate boilerplate licensing text. 

== 4. Committing Code Created by Others ==

You may check in Code to the UDA4PHP repository that was not written by You, provided that:

 # The checkin comment contains information (or references to information) sufficient to identify the author of the Code, including at minimum an email address; and 
 # You make all reasonable and appropriate efforts to ensure that such Code conforms to the terms of this agreement.

== 5. Cryptography ==
You understand that cryptographic Code may be subject to government regulations with which BP and/or entities using such Code must comply. Any Code which contains any of the items listed below must either be checked-in to a module explicitly identified as containing cryptography, or must not be checked in until BP has been notified and has approved such contribution in writing. 

 # Cryptographic capabilities or features; or 
 # Calls to cryptographic features; or 
 # User interface elements which provide context relating to cryptography; or 
 # Code which may, under casual inspection, appear to be cryptographic. 

== 6. Notices and Knowledge ==
By contributing Code, You confirm that, to the best of Your knowledge, the Code does not violate the rights of any person or entity. 

The Code You contribute is provided by You "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. 

If You contribute Code on behalf of Your employer, then You must confirm that an appropriate representative of that employer has authorized the inclusion of such Code in a Mozilla Foundation 
repository under the terms of this agreement. 

Signed: 

Date: 

Printed Name:

----